Name: Dilan Kochhar
Cohort: Tech

Dilan Kochhar  
Email: kochhardilan05@gmail.com  
Phone: (516)-965-5182  
Location: New York, NY  
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/dilan-k  

[EDUCATION]  
University: University of Tampa, Tampa, FL  
Major(s): Data Science, B.S.  
Minor(s): Math & Computer Science  
Graduation date: Expected December 2027  

[PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE]  

Company: KVR Properties  
Role: Artificial Intelligence Engineering Intern  
Date: June 2025 - August 2025  
Location: Fort Lauderdale, FL  
Description:  
- Launched the real estate firm’s first-ever internship as the sole Artificial Intelligence Engineer.  
- Engineered an AI-driven predictive engine that managed a pipeline of 10,000+ applicants, returning a well-educated prediction on whether one would sign a lease.  
- Finalized prediction accuracy to 88%.  

Company: The Kochhar Education Foundation  
Role: Co-Founder  
Date: December 2022 - Present  
Location: New York, NY  
Description:  
- Fundraised $20,000 and purchased 60 full-range personal computers + accessories in 2023 and 2024.  
- Traveled and donated products to six underprivileged, government-funded schools in Tamil Nadu, in partnership with the Tamil Nadu Foundation.  
- Spearheading the move to revitalize the foundation’s digital presence via effective SEO strategies.  
- Impacted 6,000+ students and their families, expanding the reach of impact to ~100,000 people.  

Company: PEACE Volunteer Center - The University of Tampa  
Role: Desk Assistant  
Date: February 2026 - Present  
Location: Tampa, FL  
Description:  
- Oversees the general operations of the office to ensure proper service hour distribution to the student body.  

[CAMPUS INVOLVEMENT]  

Company: University of Tampa Mathematics Club  
Role: Vice President  
Date: February 2026 - Present  
Location: Tampa, FL  
Description:  
- Curating and leading weekly "Problem Solving" workshops, breaking down and explaining complex concepts in Calculus and Linear Algebra to finance, economics, and tech-focused students to promote mathematical thinking.  

Company: Alpha Kappa Psi - Phi Upsilon Chapter  
Role: Chairman of Technology/Director of Digital Infrastructure  
Date: December 2025 - Present  
Location: Tampa, FL  
Description:  
- Developed the digital presence for 80+ members in UTampa’s chapter of the largest business fraternity in the world.  
- Managing all website and database infrastructure to maximize chapter visibility and impact.  

Company: Mu Epsilon Delta  
Role: Founding Student Government Representative  
Date: September 2025 - Present  
Location: Tampa, FL  
Description:  
- Spearheading the student government presence and the introduction of this fraternity at UTampa.  
- Teaching brothers how to find AI and data management applications in medicine and how to apply them in real-world scenarios.  

Company: University of Tampa Data Science Club  
Role: Secretary  
Date: May 2025 - Present  
Location: Tampa, FL  
Description:  
- Directing advertising campaigns, boosting club visibility, and engagement.  

[PROJECTS]  

Project name: Alpha Kappa Psi at the University of Tampa’s Website  
Date: January 2026  
Location: N/A  
Description:  
- Architected and single-handedly programmed the complete overhaul of the official chapter website. As a result, brand visibility was greatly enhanced, and engagement increased.  

Project name: Can we predict which party each county will affiliate with?  
Date: May 2025  
Location: N/A  
Description:  
- Developed a classification model using Logistic Regression to predict political affiliation that returned a 96% accuracy through utilizing large-scale datasets from the MIT Election Data and Science Lab.  

[SKILLS]  
• Python OOP, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, SQL  
• Data Analysis, Visualization, Regression